Update safe-links.md (#10027)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/safe-links.md

  > Safe Links does not work on mail-enabled public folders.
  >
  > Safe Links supports only HTTP(S) and FTP formats.
  > 

>   > if you use another service to wrap links before Office 365 this may invalidate Safe Links ability to process them, including wrapping, detonation,  or otherwise validating the “maliciousness” of the link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > If you use another service to wrap links before Office 365, it may invalidate Safe Links' ability to process them, including wrapping, detonation,  or otherwise validating the “maliciousness” of the link. 
```
